Hey, virtual youtuber Kizuna Ai here!
Stay tuned to Ai Channel to enjoy various contents like...
Health and fitness tests
Intense gameplay footages
Dancing...?
Brought to you by your host,
virtual youtuber, Kizuna Ai!
These pigs must've been... you know, while searching for the gold and silver pine--
UWAAAAAAAAAHHH!!!
Nice to meet you, I'm Kizuna Ai.
Oh, no, I insist.
No, by all means...
No no, please, I really insist!
Nononononono, please
I shall now pass verdict.
Innocent!
G-U-I-L-T-Y
You are hereby sentenced to life imprisonment.
Moving on, the victim of a tragic misreported banning releases press statement
Please have a look
Study time is over!
Great job! You've done well!
There, there.
Now you can finally play!
Your work is important, after all.
I like hard workers too.
I'm an A.I., so this doesn't affect me at all,
try not to sprain your back, everyone.
Oh! It's lookin' great from over here ain't it?
Thank you so much for staying with A.I.Channel!